docs: update tutorial cf user testing (#20384)
juju/juju: docs/tutorial/index.md

(tutorial)=
# Get started with Juju

> Juju is a tool for provisioning cloud infrastructure as well as deploying and operating applications on that infrastructure using charms. Charms are software packages that contain instructions for how to operate an application. Juju and charms work together to provide a cloud- and application-agnostic operations solution for any major operation (provision, install, configure, integrate, scale, upgrade, ...) on any type of cloud (Kubernetes or machines).

Reviewer: > instructions

Not sure about this. This feels cryptic and if we want to not be cryptic we should be more explicit. How about just "code"?

Also there is a trailing ``-` on `cloud-`

:host: my-juju-vm
:input: juju clouds --client

Only clouds with registered credentials are shown.
There are more clouds, use --all to see them.
You can bootstrap a new controller using one of these clouds...

Clouds available on the client:
Cloud      Regions  Default    Type  Credentials  Source    Description
localhost  1        localhost  lxd   0            built-in  LXD Container Hypervisor
microk8s   1        localhost  k8s   1            built-in  A Kubernetes Cluster

```

> (If this doesn't show any output: Exit the VM (`exit`), re-enter it (`multipass shell my-juju-vm`), then try again.)

Reviewer: This is why I'm not really a fan of using multipass in the tutorial. We're now constantly intermixing the tutorial with - how to use multipass, or use the right window.

```

This will use ingredients from your client, the `juju-controller` charm from Charmhub and a pod from MicroK8s (backed by your current node -- your VM) to give you a running Juju controller.

> Now, to be fully operational a controller needs access to a cloud and to Charmhub (or a local source for charms).Our controller already has access to our 'microk8s' cloud -- this access was granted implicitly through bootstrap. Also, as before, so long as you're connected to the internet, your controller has access to Charmhub too. Your controller is all set!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, to be fully operational a controller needs access to a cloud and to Charmhub (or a local source for charms). Our controller already has access to our 'microk8s' cloud -- this access was granted implicitly through bootstrap. Also, as before, so long as you're connected to the internet, your controller has access to Charmhub too. Your controller is all set!
```

Author: Fixed, thanks!

last-connection: just now
```

At this point you could add further users and control their permissions. However, for the purpose of this tutorial, we will skip ahead and deploy our chat service!

## Provision infrastructure and operate applications

```{figure} tutorial-provision-deploy.svg
   :alt: A user uses the client to talk to the controller to talk to the cloud and to Charmhub to provision infrastructure and to deploy and operate charmed applications.

>    _A user interacts with the client to reach the controller. The controller talks to the cloud and to Charmhub to provision infrastructure and to deploy charms. Next to a deployed charm there is always a Juju agent which is constantly checking state against the Juju controller and executes the deployed charm accordingly to install, configure, and otherwise manage applications._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   _A user interacts with the client to reach the controller. The controller talks to the cloud and to Charmhub to provision infrastructure and to deploy charms. Next to a deployed charm there is always a Juju agent which is periodically checking its internal state against the Juju controller and executes the deployed charm accordingly to install, configure, and otherwise manage applications._
```

Author: Fixed, thanks!
